1.  stdint.h is a header file included in bmp.h.  It spefically allows for the creation of the exact-width integer types
    ...that are commonly used in .bmp files eg. BYTE which is defined to be ... uint8_t ...an unsigned int type of 8-bytes...
2.  the ability to specifically define various int type bit widths eliminates incongruity across varying devices
    ...when working with programs that create portable file types...
3.  BYTE gets 8-bits, DWORD gets 32-bits, LONG gets 32-bits, WORD gets 16-bits ...
4.  BM
5.  bfSize is the size, in bytes, of the entire file that contains the Device Independent Bitmap....bfSize is in found in the BITMAPFILEHEADER struct...  
    biSize is the number of bytes required by the  BITMAPINFOHEADER structure....biSize is found in the BITMAPINFOHEADER struct....
6.  biHeight found in BITMAPINFOHEADER ....a negative value indicates a top-down grid, with origin in upper-left... 
    ...top-down DIBs cannot be compressed....
7.  biBitCount defines the number of bits per pixel, thereby determining the maximum number of colors available in the bitmap...
8.  the fopen() function returns the NULL pointer when it cannot open a file ...possibly because of invalid read or write permissions mode
    ...settings on a particular file being called by fopen() ....
9.  the third parameter of fread() is count....the number of objects to be read from a file....copy.c calls fread() to read the three structures...
    ...from the infile...1 at a time...because the three structs, BITMAPFILEHEADER, BITMAPINFOHEADER, and RGBTRIPLE...
    ...have independent addresses that are accessed by the pointer that is the first argument in fread().... 
10. 3
11. after the for loop has iterated through each pixel in a scanline (row), fseek() is called to shift past the padding pixels...
    ...previously calculated.... to complete a scanline that is some multiple of 4-pixels in length....for purposes of accurate mapping and storage...
12. SEEK_CUR is the third argument in the call to fseek()...it refers to the current pixel that is being accessed (pointed to) by fread()...and 
    since the call comes after iterating through the pixels in a given scanline (row)....the current pixel is the end of the row...
    providing an origin for the padding shift to occur....
